1 slide 

This summer I have rather focused on the implementation side of this project and 
relatively less  have spent time on focusing the math. 

When going through the project step by step I have noted that the data preprocessing part is super complex in this project pipeline 
and the algorithm implemented in the end is just a small an specific part in the end of the project.

Based on this I am thinking that It might be better to put some more time under analysing and improving the current project rather than trying to focus on new algorithms.
I think there might be a lot of ways to improve the current situation or if not at least provide a goo baseline for adding new algorithms for this project.

Good news is that mos of the work that I see which needs to be done is very universal and will be useful for other Traffic incident detection methods

2. So going through the project I have noted as mentioned previously that the data preparing part in this project is much more complex than initially thouch. Already understanding 
the basics of the maps in this project took me a lot of time. This is also due to the fact that the currently implemented code is hard to run for another person, because there is
not much documentation. 

For example It took me a lot of time to figure out that before the conversion of accident files coordinates to wgs93 coordinates
 I had to add 800000 to the accident coordinates in 1980 system, otherwise I got wrong resutl. 
Another example is Interpolation code which I had to rewrite due to it wasting a lot of memory 
The overall steps in this project are quite hard to follow without proper visualisation.
The machine learning results show that recall is low, but that does not give good directions where to foucs 

So in conclusion, Its actually very hard to get a good overall view of this system and also to be ensured that everything is working correcltu

3.  To avoid that problem Ive decided to add some features to this system like documentation, visualization, testing machine learning analysis. 

This has 3 benefits: 

1. Better overall view of the system - BETTER CHECKING .
2. Easier for new people to get into this project wihtout focusing too much on smalle details. 
3. More objective analysis where to focus. Also with some specific analysis method we have better ground for implenitng and comparin new algorihtms.. 






